PAST works


Finna

https://t.co/4PayknmPks
https://t.co/GddBSe8Yrp



Crimenut

https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/crimenut/id982797195?mt=8


Stuart Farmer

-Professional Development

Respecting Religion - Mobile CMS that catalogs religious editquetet so that doctors can treat patients with consideration to their faith.

Me, In Voice - Mobile data bank that records and organizes a patient's voice prior to them undergoing vocal surgery that will render them mute. Recorded sound clips can be used for the patient to remember how they sounded, interact with basic phrases, and to be eventually digitally constructed into a synthetic voice that resembles their own voice able to produce phrases and sentences previously not recorded.

WexnerCares - A guide and point of communication for patients that either have trauma stemming from a recent cancer diagnosis, or other traumatic event. The app provides reference to the STAR (Stress, Trauma, and Resilience) guide, as well as a tailored feed to relevant content on stress, trauma, and axiety provided by the OSU Wexner Center. WexnerCares also provides an instant point of communication where a patient can directly chat with a doctor or professional on how they are feeling and if they need advice or support at that moment. 

-Personal Development

Terra - Terra is a location-based content delivery system that turns physical buildings in to points of digital interaction. Through geofencing, Terra ties the physical coordinates of the area a building encompasses to online content. users then interact with this digital content when they are physically close to the building. This allows buildings and companies to develop applications that have physical context to interact with their customers on a more intimate level.

Seymour - Seymour is an Apple Watch application that pulls up the five closest location based on the category and criteria the user selects and provides unique pace by pace instructions. Unlike turn by turn directions, Seymour states how many paces in a particular direction the user must walk to get to their destination. Users simply glance at the direction they need to go, and an approximate measurement of the distance. When the direction changes, the user is notified on the watch.

Fish Flop - Fish Flop is a casual game that was designed to be challenging and addictive.